- [Instructor] The exercise files for this course
are stored on GitHub.
There is one branch, Main, that holds the two spring demo
applications that we will use for our lessons.
This project may be forked at will allowing you to
experiment and practice further with any portion
of these lessons as you wish.
You can make your own fork through the GitHub
user interface.
To work with this Java project,
there are multiple integrated development environments
that you can choose.
By cloning or downloading the project files
at your command line,
you will be prepared to open the project
in any IDE that you choose.
Your IDE likely has a specific way to clone a GitHub
repository from within the user interface.
And this will vary by environment.
And also by your preferred GitHub authentication mechanism.
You can also run a clone from the command line.
Once you have the project files on your
local development system,
you can proceed to open, compile, and run
the Maven based spring boot project in your IDE.
Again, these exact steps will vary depending on your IDE.
The README file at the root directory of your GitHub
repository gives instructions for intelligent procedures.